bpo-37689: add Path.is_relative_to() method (#14982)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-07-27-18-00-43.bpo-37689.glEmZi.rst

> Add an is_relative_to() in PurePath class to compute a path is relative to the path or not.

Reviewer: Add rst inline markup and adjust the phrasing:
```suggestion
Add :meth:`is_relative_to` in :class:`PurePath` to determine whether or not one path is relative to another.
```

Author: done
